acusar acusación                              
admirar admiración
alegar alegación
aspirar aspiración
autorizar autorización
caracterizar caracterización
civilizar civilización
colonizar colonización
compilar compilación
computar computación
condensar condensación
consultar consulta
continuar continuación
personalizar personalización
declarar declaración
degradar degradación
privar privación
derivar derivación
determinar determinación
examinar examinación
expirar expiración
explorar exploración
globalizar globalización
iluminar iluminación
imaginar imaginación
improvisar improvisación
inspirar inspiración
maximizar maximización
minimizar minimización
modernizar modernización
obligar obligación
observar observación
ocupar ocupación
optimizar optimización
transpirar transpiración
preparar preparación
privatizar privatización
aleatorizar aleatorización
realizar realización
restaurar restauración
especializar especialización
estabilizar estabilización
estandarizar estandarización
utilizar utilización
visualizar visualización
aplicar aplicación
organizar organización
evaluar evaluación
asignar asignación
configurar configuración
confirmar confirmación
conectar conexión
considerar consideración
crear creación
decorar decoración
definir definición
distribuir distribución
generar generación
instalar instalación
integrar integración
interpretar interpretación
introducir introducción
invertir inversión
investigar investigación
localizar localización
negociar negociación
organizar organización
publicar publicación
desaparecer desaparición
aparecer aparición
desesperar desesperación
actuar acción
tergiversar tergiversación
describir descripción
repartir repartición
inaugurar inauguración 
financiar financiación
aceptar aceptación 
hidratar hidratación 
alimentar alimentación 