añadiendo añadido
acordando acordado
permitiendo permitido
anunciando anunciado
apareciendo aparecido
aplicando aplicado
designando designado
preguntando preguntado
asistiendo asistido
considerando considerado
conteniendo contenido
continuando continuado
creando creado
decidiendo decidido
describiendo descrito
desarrollando desarrollado
estableciendo establecido
existiendo existido
esperando esperado
fracasando fracasado
siguiendo seguido
oyendo oído
mejorando mejorado
incluyendo incluido
introduciendo introducido
implicando implicado
localizando localizado
perdiendo perdido
gestionando gestionado
casando casado
operando operado
realizando realizado
proponiendo propuesto
proporcionando proporcionado
publicando publicado
recibiendo recibido
reduciendo reducido
relacionando relacionado
permaneciendo permanecido
sustituyendo sustituido
representando representado
exigiendo exigido
enviando enviado
gastando gastado
sufriendo sufrido
enseñando enseñado
contando contado
comprendiendo comprendido
uniendo unido





